Rename inputTexts to doucments, and text to document (#9118)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics/README.md

[TextAnalyticsAsyncClient][text_analytics_async_client] to do analysis on batches of documents. It provides both synchronous and
asynchronous operations to access a specific use of Text Analytics, such as language detection or key phrase extraction.

> ### input

Reviewer: Should've pointed it out earlier, but I think it would be better if it was like:

### Document
A **document** is a text input to be analyzed by the predictive models

Author: I think all of us are using title `Input`, (p.s., I forgot to capitalize the first letter):

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics#input
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics#input

> ### input

Reviewer: Sorry for changing what I had correctted earlier. I think this should be

### Document
A **document** is a text input to be analyzed by the predictive models

Reviewer 2: I agree with Isa on the text "A document is a text input to be analyzed by the predictive models"

I do consider we should leave the tittle of the section to be "Input". That way this section has client, input, return value, etc

Author: No worries. Thank you for checking my grammars lol. See above comment.

A **text input**, also called a **document**, is a single unit of document to be analyzed by the predictive models
in the Text Analytics service. Operations on Text Analytics client may take a single document or a collection
of documents to be analyzed as a batch. 

> See [service limitations][service_input_limitation] for the input, including document length limits, maximum batch size,

Reviewer: for the document

### Return value collection
An operation result collection, such as `DocumentResultCollection<AnalyzeSentimentResult>`, which is the collection of 
the result of a Text Analytics analyzing sentiment operation. `DocumentResultCollection` includes the model version of
the operation and statistics of the batch documents. Since `DocumentResultCollection<T>` extends `IterableStream<T>`,
the list of item can be retrieved by streaming or iterating the list.

### Operation on multiple documents
For each supported operation, the Text Analytics client provides method overloads to take a single document, a batch 
of documents as strings, or a batch of either `TextDocumentInput` or `DetectLanguageInput` objects. The overload 
taking the `TextDocumentInput` or `DetectLanguageInput` batch allows callers to give each document a unique ID, 
indicate that the documents in the batch are written in different languages, or provide a country hint about the 
language of the document.

**Note**: It is recommended to use the batch methods when working on production environments as they allow you to send one 

> request with multiple documents. This is more performance than sending a request per each document.

Reviewer: Should keep this performant

asynchronous operations to access a specific use of Text Analytics, such as language detection or key phrase extraction.

> ### Text input

Author: I was thinking to change but after a second thought, might be better to just leave it as it is and explain it. Also python and net are the consistency now. @maririos @iscai-msft 

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics#input
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics#input

> ### Text input

Reviewer 2: to be consistent you can change it to `Input` instead of `Text Input`

A **text input**, also called a **document**, is a single unit of document to be analyzed by the predictive models
in the Text Analytics service. Operations on Text Analytics client may take a single document or a collection

> of documents to be analyzed as a batch. 

Reviewer 3: Files under the  sample folder also need this update.
https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/master/sdk/textanalytics/azure-ai-textanalytics/src/samples/java/com/azure/ai/textanalytics/AnalyzeSentiment.java#L27

> asynchronous operations to access a specific use of Text Analytics, such as language detection or key phrase extraction.

Reviewer 2: There are more references to `text input` in this document. Please modify

Author: updated

### Text input

> A **text input**, sometimes called a **document**, is a single unit of document to be analyzed by the predictive models

Reviewer: I think it's better to say "also called a **document**" instead

> A **text input**, sometimes called a **document**, is a single unit of document to be analyzed by the predictive models

Reviewer: I think it's better to say "also called a document" instead

Reviewer 2: You could also do:
~~A **text input**, sometimes called~~ A document is a single unit of input to be analyzed....

in the Text Analytics service. Operations on Text Analytics client may take a single document or a collection

> of document to be analyzed as a batch. 

Reviewer: of documents to be analyzed as a batch.

> of document to be analyzed as a batch. 

Reviewer: of documents to be analyzed as a batch.

> about the input document and how it was processed. An operation result contains a `isError` property that allows to

Reviewer 2: line 141 (I can't comment on it) has a reference to `text input`.

Author: updated

> identify if an operation executed was successful or unsuccessful for the given text input. When the operation results

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
identify if an operation executed was successful or unsuccessful for the given document. When the operation results
```

an error, you can simply call `getError()` to get `TextAnalyticsError` which contains the reason why it is unsuccessful. 

> If you are interested in how many characters in your document or number of operation transactions been going through,

Reviewer: how many characters are in your document, or the number of operation transactions that have gone through

> If you are interested in how many characters in your document or number of operation transactions been going through,

Reviewer: how many characters are in your document, or the number of operation transactions that have gone through

### Extract key phrases
<!-- embedme ./src/samples/java/com/azure/ai/textanalytics/ReadmeSamples.java#L157-L159 -->
```java
String document = "My cat might need to see a veterinarian.";
System.out.println("Extracted phrases:");
textAnalyticsClient.extractKeyPhrases(document).forEach(keyPhrase -> System.out.printf("%s.%n", keyPhrase));
```

> Above examples are introduced as the single document examples.

Reviewer: The above examples cover the scenario of having a single document as input.

> Above examples are introduced as the single document examples.

Reviewer: The above examples cover the scenario of having a single document as input.
